_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Reworked on master branch
 -modified nav bar section \n -removed posts and blog sections

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: 1.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Born in Móstoles and raised in Toledo, Spain. I am an assistant professor at University Carlos III of Madrid (Spain) from February 2021.

My research interests are computational electromagnetics and antenna measurements. My Ph.D. dissertation included the development and implementation of techniques (e.g. domain decomposition methods) to develop a finite element code with hp adaptivity and different element shapes.

As a teaching assistant, I have imparted more than 400 teaching hours in different Telecommunication bachelor and master degrees in the last 8 years. As a researcher, I am part of 10 indexed papers and 26 conference papers. I have been a visiting scholar at The Ohio State University hosted by Prof. Jin-Fa Lee for seven months, and at the University of Macau for two months. I was a postdoctoral researcher at Saarland University from 2019 to 2020 with Prof. Dyczij-Edlinger.

You can download my CV [Resume](assets/pdf/example_pdf.pdf){:target="\_blank"}.
