_projects/1_project.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: project 1
description: a project with a background image
img: /assets/img/12.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
---

Every project has a beautiful feature showcase page.
It's easy to include images in a flexible 3-column grid format.
Make your photos 1/3, 2/3, or full width.

To give your project a background in the portfolio page, just add the img tag to the front matter like so:

    ---
    layout: page
    title: project
    description: a project with a background image
    img: /assets/img/12.jpg
    ---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/1.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/3.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/5.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/5.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images.
Say you wanted to write a little bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, *bled* for your project, and then... you reveal it's glory in the next row of images.


<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/6.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/11.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>


The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/" target="_blank">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:

```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/6.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/11.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
```

Commit message:

Projects and About section update

_projects/1_project.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hybrid Framework
description: It's a combination of the DataDriven and KeywordDriven approaches.
img:
redirect: https://github.com/ShivSahil/HybridFramework
importance: 1
category: projects
---

Every project has a beautiful feature showcase page.
It's easy to include images in a flexible 3-column grid format.
Make your photos 1/3, 2/3, or full width.

To give your project a background in the portfolio page, just add the img tag to the front matter like so:

    ---
    layout: page
    title: project
    description: a project with a background image
    img: /assets/img/12.jpg
    ---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/1.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/3.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/5.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/5.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images.
Say you wanted to write a little bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, *bled* for your project, and then... you reveal it's glory in the next row of images.


<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/6.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/11.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>


The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/" target="_blank">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:

```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/6.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <img class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" src="{{ '/assets/img/11.jpg' | relative_url }}" alt="" title="example image"/>
    </div>
</div>
```
